Title: A Report On My Work Experience in the Lab Evaluation

Summary: The lab evaluation was divided in to two parts; Software and Hardware.
The hardware part was carried out first, I was instructed by the lecturer to disassemble the system unit of a computer in a timeframe of 5 minutes, which I successfully did.
For the software part, I was instructed by the lecturer to create an administrator account with specific username and password details and then, to turn on windows defender in the created account on a computer running Windows 7 which I successfully executed.

Body: For the hardware exercise, I was given an already disconnected and isolated system unit.
Below are the steps I did to disassemble the system unit:
The screw on the back of the system unit was removed and the cover removed.
The disk drive and hard disk drive were removed by unscrewing some screws and removing the front case of the system unit.
The RAM modules were removed from their sockets by pushing the tabs, located at the end of the socket, down and away from the socket.
The Power supply was removed by unscrewing some screws and unplugging the power cables connected to the motherboard.
The heat sink was removed.
The CPU fan and the Cabinet fan were removed.
Lastly the motherboard was removed.

All parts were safely and orderly placed on a flat surface to avoid damage.

For the software exercise, I was given a computer running the Windows 7 Operating System, which was powered on and logged in to an admistrator account.
Below are the steps I did to create an administrator account with specific username and password:
Control Panel was opened from the Start menu.
Navigated to User Accounts.
Clicked Manage another account.
Clicked Add.
The desired username, domain and password was entered.
Then, the Administrator option was selected.
Clicked Finish

Below are the steps I did to log in to the created account:
Clicked Start.
In the Start menu, next to the Shut down button, clicked the arrow icon that points to the right.
Selected Switch user from the menu.
Entered username and password and pressed enter.

Below are the steps I did to turn on windows defender:
Clicked Start.
In the Start menu, searched "Computer Management" and opened it
On the left pane, expanded the services and applications option
Double clicked services
On the right pane, Scrolled down to windows defender, right clicked on it and selected Start.
